Make `use-conda` a default (#365)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-downstream-analyses: optional-clustering-analysis/README.md

Additionally, metrics associated with each of the clustering results such as silhouette width, cluster purity, and cluster stability (as described above) are calculated and plotted.
The plots are displayed in a html report for ease of reference.

> **Note** that R 4.1 is required for running our pipeline, along with Bioconductor 3.14.
> Package dependencies for the analysis workflows in this repository are managed using [`renv`](https://rstudio.github.io/renv/index.html), and `renv` must be installed locally prior to running the workflow.
> These dependencies should be installed as [part of the installation mentioned in step 1 of this repository's main README file](../README.md#snakemakeconda-installation).

Reviewer: I think this is confusing and we should note that we only want people to use conda: 

```suggestion
**Note** that the same [software requirements for the core workflow](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/scpca-downstream-analyses/blob/cbethell/make-conda-default/README.md#3-additional-dependencies) are also required for this clustering workflow. 
R 4.2 is required for running our pipeline, along with Bioconductor 3.15. If you are using conda, dependencies can be installed as [part of the initial setup](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/scpca-downstream-analyses/blob/cbethell/make-conda-default/README.md#snakemakeconda-installation). 
Package dependencies for the analysis workflows in this repository are managed using [renv](https://rstudio.github.io/renv/index.html), which can be installed independently if desired. 
Still, we recommend using Snakemake's conda integration to set up the R environment and all dependencies that the workflow will use.

```
I took this from the integration docs.

> 

Reviewer: I can't comment on this but the note about dependencies on line 41 needs to be updated.
